
Chuck Norris can satisfy any woman just by being in the same room with her.

Chuck Norris once received a blowjob from a slim lingerie model. That model is now known as Susan Boyle.

Chuck Norris sold 10% proprietary rights of his manly essence to The Jolly Green Giant. Now anybody can open up a can of Whoop-Ass.

Chuck Norris doesn't give his wife anniversary presents. The honer of being Mrs Chuck Norris is enough for her.

Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare; he only eats unicorns.

Chuck Norris understood Inception the first time he saw it.

Today is Chuck Norris' birthday. But he does not age.

death once had a near Chuck Norris experience

Chuck Norris has to visit the dentist twice a month in order to remove the jawbreakers stuck between his teeth.

A panel of 5 judges survived after allowing a young Chuck Norris to win his 5th grade spelling bee by correctly spelling the word "Encyclopedia" as b,o,o,k.

Chuck Norris lost his vriginity before his dad did.

Chuck Norris never uses a condom. Chuck Norris doesn't need protection.

Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.

Chuck Norris can block a punch with his face

Chuck Norris does not play dice... : Einstein

Chuck Norris doesn't fan the flames of jealousy - he farts on it.

Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, death just hasn't worked up the courage to tell him that.

When economic crisis comes, you should know that Chuck Norris is playing Monopoly.

Chuck Norris was in the US Air Force in Korea. He flew 27 kamikaze missions without a helmet.

Chuck Norris has the eye of a tiger. And the dick of a moose.

Chuck Norris has won the Super Bowl twice, a World Series, 7 PBA Bowling tournaments, 46 Olympic gold medals, 5 Stanley Cups, 3 World Series of Poker championships, 1,712 pie eating contests, 4,832 pillow fights, and took second at the Westminster Dog Show in 1982.

Nothing in the known universe is more badass than Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris always knows what time it is. It's time for you to die.

Old Faithful is Chuck Norris' drainpipe

Chuck Norris ran around the earth 21 times when he ran out of beef stroganoff.

Every hair on Chuck Norris' beard represents the soul of a victim

The official title for the Academy Award for Best Actor is "Best Actor Not Named Chuck Norris."

Every seven seconds, somewhere in the world, Chuck Norris kills someone.

Chuck Norris can rob a bank with a squirt gun.

When Chuck Norris got cut off in traffic, he rammed the offending car off the road, pulled the asshole out by his hair and slapped him to death with his schlong. Then he boned his wife on the hood of the car, in full view of passing motorists. Don't fuck with big Chuck.

Chuck Norris won the PBA Championship Rodeo Bull Riding contest by riding Snort, a 6,450 lb Brahma Bull for 4 hrs 27 minutes when Snort finally collapsed. 9 months later, Snort had a calf.

If The Most Interesting Man in the World were to slap you on the back, you'd put it on your resume. If Chuck Norris were to slap you on the back, your spine would leave the Earth's atmosphere at about Mach 2.

Chuck Norris was distacted by a gay man with a celery stick in his ass hole so the gay guy died

